<div align="center">
   <h1> Student Placement Prediction</h1>
</div>

Predicting the number of potential candidates is one of biggest challenges for the placement officer, since sometime a student with very good academic score doesn’t get place and the one with the low academic score but good communication skills get place. 
Clearly, there are more than one factor influencing the placements. Finding the relation between factors can be even challenging for a trained statistician. Even companies visiting the college uses the criteria of aggregate to sort out students and sometime due to error of method they end up empty handed with no potential student. 
We are proposing a machine learning evaluation system which will consider many different factors like communication skills, technical skills, aggregate to determine the potential of the student. We are using Decision Tree Algorithm which gives excellent performance in classification problem with less data constraint.

# Getting Started :

## Algorithm Used 
- In **Random forest** n number of random records are taken from the data set having k number of records.
- Individual decision trees are constructed for each sample.
- Each decision tree will generate an output.
- Final output is considered based on Majority Voting or Averaging for Classification and regression respectively

## Algorithm Used 
- Data Description
- Data preprocessing
- Evaluation model

## Conclusion 
The Project Implementation is being done properly. The proposed system will utilize Decision Tree Algorithms and provide a simple and very interactive user interface so that anyone with basic computer operation skills can utilize the full potential of the application.
 
All these predictions help the institute to improvise the student performance and can come up with 100% results. . We can also enhance the project by predicting some solutions or suggestions for the output generated by system.
